What will happen if you take health insurance of Rs 10 lakh
and the first claim itself is of Rs 50 lakh or Rs 60 lakh
?  Will the company cover such a large
claim?  And imagine if your base
cover keeps increasing every year and there is
no maximum limit.  Then all this
is possible with the
powerful add-ons of Infinite Care and Power
Booster of the ICICI LBD Elevate Plan.  Hello everyone, I am Soni
Chauhan.  Welcome to Policy Hub.
Where we make health insurance
simple, stress free and easy to
understand.  For better guidance,
book a free consultation with our IRDAI
certified experts.
You will find the link in the description.  And yes,
if you are new to our channel then do
subscribe so that you keep
getting the latest insurance updates on time.  Today
we will talk about
some of the stand-out add-ons of ICICI Low LBA Elevate Health Insurance
that provide you with extraordinary protection over the basic plan.
So let's see in detail.   The
first is Infinite Care where
you can claim an unlimited amount once in your entire lifetime.
You can avail this add-on in the first two
policy years.  Power Booster
where the company gives you a bonus of 100% of sum insured every year
which
increases up to a maximum of infinity.  That means there is no
limit to the maximum increase.
Jump Start where pre-existing conditions like asthma,
diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia,
obesity or PTCA can be
covered after 30 days of the policy.  Maternity benefit where
delivery expenses are covered up to a maximum of Rs 1 lakh,
newborn baby cover is covered up to twice the
delivery expenses and vaccination
expenses are covered up to Rs 10,000.
Next is the Be Fit benefit, which allows you to
avail OPD expenses like physical consultation, diagnostics, physiotherapy, diet and nutrition consultation.
That too on a cashless basis.  Claim
protector with which you can cover your non-payable
items like suitcase gloves, PP kit, masks
etc.  Inflation
protector where the
company increases your coverage every year according to inflation.   By
taking domestic air ambulance cover, you
can avail the facility of air ambulance in case of emergency.  Whose actual
cost is covered by the company.  Convalescence
Benefit: If you are admitted to the hospital for more than 10 days, the
company
pays you a fixed allowance of Rs 20,000.  Which
manages your loss of income.  Next is
Nursing at Home, with which you can get
10 days of nursing care expenses covered after discharge.
Compassionate Visit where if
a family member comes to visit the patient, the
company covers their travel expenses.
Health checkup through which you
can avail cashless health checkup on yearly basis.  Critical Illness and Personal
Accident Rider: In case of
diagnosis of any of the listed critical illnesses
or an accident resulting in death, permanent
partial disability or permanent total
disability, the company
pays a lump sum amount to your family.
Critical Illness Rider can be availed only by persons up to 50 years and Personal
Accident Rider can be availed only by persons up to 65 years.
Next is voluntary copayment
in which maximum copayment up to 50%
is available, by selecting which you
can reduce your premium.  Dependent Accommodation
Benefit: If a
dependent person stays with the patient, the company
gives them a cash benefit of ₹1000 per day and a maximum of 10 days.  Durable Medical
Equipment Cover where the expenses of
durable medical equipment like wheelchairs, ventilators, sip machines are
covered.
Next is the Teleconsultation Rider, with which
you
can avail the facility of unlimited teleconsultation in a year.  Room
modifiers that give you flexibility in the room.
You
can upgrade the room as well as
downgrade the room.  So friends, ICICI
Elevat Health Insurance add-ons like
Infinite Care and Power Booster make your basic
plan absolutely extraordinary.
These features
provide you with unlimited protection on one hand and
boost the coverage every year on the other.  If you still have
any confusion, book a free consultation now
with IRDA certified experts at Policy Hub.   The
link is given in the description.  Now I
want to know which add-on you think is the
most useful.
Infinite Care or Power Booster.  Please do
tell us in the comment section.  If you like the video, please
like the video.
Share it with your family and friends and if you have not subscribed to the channel, do it
now so that
you keep getting timely information related to health insurance.
See you in the next video.
Till then stay safe, stay insured.